>> Hello and welcome to
the Haskell Weekly podcast.
This is a show about Haskell, a
purely functional programming.
I'm your host Taylor Fausak.
I'm the Director of Software
Engineering at ACI Learning.
With me today is Cameron Gera,
one of the engineers on my team.
Thanks for joining me today, Cam.
>> Thanks for having me, Taylor.
I know it's been a long time
since we've done a podcast.
I know our faithful listeners are missing
it, so I'm excited to be back today.
You know, life gets busy sometimes in the
summer for us, which seems to be the case.
But today we're here to talk about
something that's near and dear to
us because it's something we've kind
of created, more so Taylor than I.
But something we also use on the regular.
So about four weeks ago, Taylor had
posted on Reddit about his blog post
for this new library he created.
So that is going to be our focus today.
The library is called Witch, so if
you're not familiar with it, we'll
spend some time talking about that
as well as just kind of talking
about some of the motivations.
How it solves some of our problems
that we are facing on a day to day.
So I'm really looking forward to this.
So Taylor, you know, thanks for writing
this library and writing this post and
giving us an opportunity to talk about it.
>> For sure.
It's my pleasure.
As you mentioned, I finally got around
to announcing this about four weeks ago,
but we've actually been using this at ACI
Learning for quite a bit longer than that.
I want to say on the order of
several months, but I don't remember
exactly when I introduced it.
But yeah, the intent of Witch was to
make it easier to convert values between
various types, which is something we
end up doing a lot in our code base.
And I feel most Haskell
programmers probably do the same.
And when I say convert between types,
that means really basic conversions, like
going from an Int16 into an Int, which
is a totally safe conversion that you
can do with something like fromIntegral.
And then sometimes more complicated
conversions, like going from an
Int64 down into an Int16, which
is something that can fail.
And fromIntegral will type check
for that, but it's actually unsafe.
So this kind of a Swiss army knife
function is the type of thing
that Witch is meant to replace.
And yeah, like I said, we've
been using it in our code base.
So Cam you've used it more kind
of as an end-user of the library.
What have been your thoughts on it so far?
>> Yeah, I think it's comes a
lot of benefits, because you know,
fromIntegral, like you said, like
there's type checking that happens,
but it's actually unsafe underneath.
And it also doesn't necessarily
depict and tell what kind of
transformation you're making.
You know, I think this, obviously
you can always use type applications
with this function to say, Hey,
this is what I want to go to.
But you know, this library Witch,
it allows us to kind of explicitly
say what we're trying to go into.
And using type applications, it really,
you know, makes it easier to read the
code and kind of see how to do these,
you know, transformations of, you know,
in our test, in our data, in our code,
all of this stuff that, you know, we're,
we have JSON instances, we have, you
know, database conversion functions
and all those things require, you
know, um, primitive types, excuse me.
That, you know, you can generally
transfer, you know, boil it down to.
And so, you know, something like
this allows you to convert from, you
know, new type wrappers and between
primitive types and all these things.
And it also gives you another kind of,
you know, way of maybe even trying some
unsafe things and having a failure case,
it'd be able to modify and handle and,
you know, report on those kinds of edge
cases that you may not see if you're
using fromIntegral or, you know, toString
or show or anything, you know, like all
those things have their different caveats.
And Witch kind of, you know, has been,
has allowed me to not be so, kind
of hesitant on what code's doing,
especially when I'm reviewing code.
Because, you know, nowadays
I'm doing a lot more review
than I am actually writing.
And so it allows me to say, oh
yeah, we're trying to go from, you
know, a string into a course name
or something along those lines.
So aside for us that we use to
depict meaning through the code base.
You know, I think that stuff
has been really helpful.
And it's not as magical as like
these catch all functions have been.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, you said a lot there that I want
to follow up on, but first I actually
want to send another question to you,
which is: So the name, Witch, w-i-t-c-h,
like the female version of a wizard.
Do you know why the
library is called Witch?
>> Because it's magical.
>> That was certainly some of
the inspiration, but actually in
an earlier version of the library,
the core kind of workhorse function
that it provided was called cast.
So I thought, you know what, what's
something that casts between stuff.
Oh, a witch can do that.
So that's why I went with the name,
but unfortunately these days, the cast
function isn't in the library anymore.
So the name just kind of
seems like a non sequitor.
But yeah.
>> We refined it, we iterated.
Yeah, yeah.
I forgot about, that we had it
named cast, cause now I can think
of this from and into, you know?
>> Yeah.
So, yeah, that was the first thing that I
wanted to follow up on was, so one of the,
kind of, not really a problem, but a rough
edges with a function like fromIntegral
is that there are two type variables
that you need to pin down when you use
it, the source type and the target type.
That's not what they're called
in the function signature.
I think they're just a and b, but you
know, which type am I coming from?
And which type am I going into?
And usually from context, one or the
other, and sometimes even both of
those, are already pinned down for you.
So you know that you're coming from an
Int, but you're going into something
polymorphic, or the other way around
where you're starting with a polymorphic
value and turning it into an Int.
And that's why the Witch
library exposes exactly those
two functions, from and into.
And they're exactly the same,
except that their type variables
are in opposite orders.
And that's so that if you use
type applications, you can usually
get away with only mentioning
one of the type variables.
So you can say from @Int, which means
I'm coming from an Int and I'm producing
some polymorphic value, or you can
say into @Int, which says I'm coming
from some polymorphic value, but I'm
ultimately gonna get an Int out of it.
And that was just like for the
ergonomics of our day to day
usage, that was the easiest thing.
And I'll say most of the
time for us, we use into.
Far more often than we use from.
>> Yeah.
We use from more so in our tests
because it's a little easier to
be like, all right, we know that
we're using overloaded strings here.
So this is going to be text and we
don't want it into, you know, some sort
of test value and that way it's just
done, we don't have to worry about it.
But yeah, most of the time we want
to end up using into, so we can say
this is where we want to end up.
And that way, you know, as it's going
through that function, this is the
value that's going to be produced.
>> Yep.
And as I mentioned, a previous version of
the library had a function called cast,
which, um, it had all three functions
at that time cast, from, and into.
And the difference was that cast did
not require a type application at all.
But from and into did .And I've
actually removed that restriction.
So that's why cast went away,
cause it's the same as from.
But the reason I decided to move away
from requiring type applications versus
just strongly recommending them is that
I felt like the library was trying to
do too many things at once and I wanted
to keep it really focused and say, no,
it's just going do these conversions.
And if you, as a consumer of the library,
decide that you want to require a
type applications, then that's on you.
You know, if you can configure
HLint to do that, good luck.
If you want to write your own little
wrapper library that requires them
yourself, you can do that as well.
So that was part of my motivation.
And the other part was that
requiring type applications is
just kind of like a gross hack.
There's nothing that you can
decorate a function to easily say
this needs a type application.
There is another library.
I forget the name of it right now, but
there's another library that provides
kind of a quick way to do that.
So if you're using Witch
and you want to require type
applications, you can do that.
But we just catch it and code
review normally of, Hey, this,
what type is this converting into?
Can you throw a type application on there?
>> Yeah.
And I wanted to touch back on
some of those catch-all functions,
like fromIntegral and things.
You know, switching over to this
library allowed us to get rid of
a lot of little helper functions.
Cause through code review,
we'd see fromIntegral, we're
like, ah, what's going on here?
You know?
And then we'd be like, can you make a
separate function to kind of explicitly
state, you know, going from an Int to an
Int64 or, you know, anything like that.
We would have just like a
helper function that did that.
And so we started to see that,
you know, there's a lot of these
helper functions popping up.
And when you review your code, you're
like, there's gotta be something here.
Cause like it's a lot of similarities.
There's a lot going on.
So like what can we do to simplify that?
Because all those little helper
functions, they were just, you know,
adding a little bit more to compile,
which obviously it's a library, so we're
still more or less compiling it, but
it's, you know, much better, I feel like.
>> Yeah.
And it's not so much the compilation
time that was painful there.
I'd say it was more just.
Those functions aren't
interesting to write.
And when you see one, you know exactly
what the implementation is or should
be, but you still have to write it.
And so we would have a function
called like, you know, intToInt16
or integralToNatural or
whatever the conversion was.
And then we'd have the implementation,
which for these primitive numeric
types was often fromIntegral.
So my goal with Witch was to have one
function, which is from or into, they're
the same thing, that we could use in
all of those circumstances, but then
have those type applications on there to
say exactly what conversion we wanted.
And then we can just delete all of
those helper functions along the way.
And we're not completely done
with that transformation.
It's still ongoing, but it's
been very promising so far.
>> Yeah.
And it's just been like for transforming
types, from primitive to our new type
wrappers, it's been super helpful as well.
Uh, you know, because we don't
have to worry so much about, well,
what does this actually mean?
What's going on here?
Like, we don't have to have a toCourseName
function or anything like that.
Like it's just like into @CourseName
and yeah, you're good to go.
>> Yeah, we've been talking a lot
about primitive values, but one of the
motivating factors for this was, we use
new types all over the place in our code
base to keep things distinct from, you
know, when we pull them from the database
to when we hand them off via our API.
Or the other way around, when we
receive it from the API, until we
put it in the database, it's the
same type all the way through.
So as you said, course,
name is a good example.
We have many things in our
system that can be named.
And we want to make sure that we
don't accidentally assign a course
name to an episode, for example.
So we have different new
types for those things.
And every time we made one of these new
types in the past, we would have to write
all of these conversion functions like
stringToCourseName, textToCourseName,
you know, all the various other, I mean,
maybe those are the only ones there, but
for integral types, there can be a lot.
And when you write those functions,
you have to decide, is this a
total conversion or can it fail?
So for instance, with course name, we want
course names to have something in them.
So they need to be non empty and
they have to contain at least
one non blank space character.
Right?
So that's another thing that
Witch provides is a like
partial conversion function.
And we call it, tryFrom or tryInto.
So that's  something that says,
the type you're coming from has
values that can't be expressed
into the type that you're going to.
So you need to handle that somehow.
And we can handle that in our code
base with a regular exception,
just throw like something in IO.
Or an impure exception, if it's something
that we feel won't ever happen, but you
know, we have to appease the compiler.
Or if it's a constant, we can lift it
up to compile time and use a Template
Haskell splice to drop it in there.
So, yeah.
Just to say, like, that was another
motivation here is that some
conversions work all the time and some
conversions only work some of the time.
And I really wanted to
capture that distinction with
two different type classes.
>> Yeah.
And I think that really has allowed us
to, not have to worry so much when we're
doing a conversion, because we're like, oh
yeah, let's try to go from Int64 to Int.
And we're like, wait, there's not
an instance for that in Witch.
Like what's going on?
It makes you think, oh, well
this is an unsafe thing let's
check in, tryFrom, right?
Is that what the type class is?
Right.
So, you know, that gives us the ability
to see what that, if that works.
But if not, then we're not, you
know, up a creek without a paddle.
>> Yeah, and especially as we're
trying to onboard some new junior
developers onto our code base, We
want to push people toward using typed
holes for development and say, if you
don't know what goes here, just put an
underscore there, and the compiler will
tell you what things can fit in there.
And unfortunately, using Int64 to
Int, as an example, the compiler
will happily suggest fromIntegral.
And won't give you any indication
that that is a potentially
problematic, conversion.
But now in that suggestion list two, or
I think only one thing will pop up from
Witch, and it will say unsafeTryFrom,
which suggests to whoever's reading that
list of, you know, typed hole suggestions
that this conversion could fail.
And so you may need to
handle that somehow.
>> Right, it gives a little
bit of guardrails around, you
know, new engineers learning.
So, or even, you know, they
could be long-time engineers,
but not familiar with Haskell.
It could be another way to, you
know, maybe, maybe introduce
Haskell into your day to day work
if you're not doing that day to day.
Or you're, you know, trying to do some
side project with a friend, you know,
say, Hey, like let's, let's try Witch,
and that way, you know, kind of, you
can see some conversions that are safe
and not going to create any issues.
You know, I think that will provide
a lot of stability for them.
As they get onboarded
and ramped up to speed.
And, you know, I think there's a
lot of good things in Witch like
we've already kind of touched on.
Another one thing I did want to touch on
real quick before we just flew past it,
was the fact that there's just like really
great documentation on the Witch library.
You know, there's explanations of what
function it's really doing for the
instance of, you know, Int to Int64.
Or, you know, all these things,
it gives you a clear definition of
what's going on behind the scenes.
So it's not as mystic.
It's like, obviously you can always look
at the source and see what it's doing,
but, you know, you kind of gave a shortcut
to just see what was really going on.
So, you know, I think you could all
also call this Shortcut, maybe IO,
and take over Clubhouse's attempt.
>> Well thanks, I appreciate that.
I definitely spent a lot of
time on the documentation.
Partly because I wanted it to be a
resource for our own team to just
point people to it, and say, you know,
here are, here's some tips for how to
convert stuff and why it works this way.
But also because the actual implementation
of Witch isn't that interesting.
It's only a couple of lines
of code for each type class.
And most of the utility comes from
either these related functions that
I provide, and there's only a handful
of them, or the documentation.
Or just the existence of one
instance or the other, like
I was talking about earlier.
If something has a From instance
from a to b, then, you know, If it
has a TryFrom instance from a to
b, then, you know, that's not safe.
And yeah, in the documentation for
each instance between a pair of
types, I link to the function that's
used to implement that conversion.
So for many of them, it
ends up being fromIntegral.
But for others, you know, like you
can convert from a list into a set.
And that uses Set.fromList.
So this was my way of like, adding into
that documentation, you know, maybe
you don't actually want to use Witch in
your code base, you just want to know,
is there a way to convert between these
things and you can go look at that list
of instances and say, yeah, click on that.
It's that function.
Okay good, I'll go use that one instead.
Or even if you are using Witch, but for a
particular circumstance, you want to use
a more concrete monomorphic conversion
function rather than a type class method.
Or just reading through and you're
wondering, you know, how the
heck is this thing implemented?
You can see right there.
But yeah, in general, if you
haven't read the documentation, it's
definitely meant to be approachable.
And at the bottom I put a section that's
much more conversational about kind
of, why did I bother making this thing?
What are some of the trade-offs it makes?
What are some other things
you might do instead?
And what are some surprises?
So like, one that has come up
a couple of times is the Int32
into Int conversion is not total.
And many people would probably
expect it to be total.
So go read the documentation, you
can find out why it is the way it is.
>> Ooh, enticing them, I like it.
Good, you know, we talk about these
things on air and we just want to
make sure that, you know, you always
have access to see what we're talking
about and validate for yourself.
And obviously always ask questions.
You know, we put this stuff out in
the internet so that it can start
conversations, not just, you know, be a
echo chamber or anything
along those lines.
Like we want you guys to be
able to express yourself.
And as a Haskell community, we
want to be there for one another.
And you know, if we miss something
great, if you have something you never
thought about before that we said, great.
You know, like all these things, you
know, are here for you, as a listener
of the Haskell Weekly podcast.
And we just want to let you know that.
But anyways, I wanted to get back to
Witch, because I was kind of thinking
how Witch actually can allow us to handle
some conversions that allow us to not have
to worry about deriving other instances.
So for example, let's say, you know,
I want to get a sum of episode lengths
that would then equal the course length.
You know, I could iterate over that
list, get all of the integer or the
Int values out of that, sum them up and
then convert that to a course length
rather than, you know, deriving an
instance for Num on episode length.
>> Yeah, right.
Yeah, and that's actually one.
I feel like I keep saying, this
was a motivation for making Witch.
There were a lot of motivations,
and one of them is that, some of
the really core type classes like
Num can be surprising to implement.
So like for us, with episode length, as
one of our integral new type wrappers,
we actually don't want to implement
Num for that because Num lets you
multiply values together or divide them
or add them, take the absolute value.
And many of those operations don't
make sense at all for episode lengths.
If I multiply the length of
this episode with that episode,
what does that even mean?
Episode length squared, like
it's a nonsensical value.
But we often want to do operations over
these values, like you just mentioned.
Sum all of them up.
And, you know, we could implement that
with a monoid and we may have done that
with episode length, I don't remember.
But yeah.
With Witch you can say,
convert all of them into an Int and
then perform that operation on an Int
and then turn that into something else.
And we don't have to have a
function in episode length
that says convert it to an Int.
And we don't have to have a
function in course length that
says convert it from an Int.
We can handle that with the instances.
>> Yep, super nice.
You know, we aren't sponsored by
Which Which, just so you know.
We have accidentally
said that a few times.
We joked about making a fake
sponsorship for that, but yeah.
We figured we don't want to get sued.
So if you like Which Which, awesome.
We're not talking about that though.
So, sorry to let you down.
>> Yeah.
It could be tricky if somebody has
another library called, Which w-h-i-c-h,
and then we'd have to talk about, well,
which which are you talking about?
But for now it's just the one.
So Witch like a wizard.
>> Witch like a wizard, but female.
Yeah.
But yeah, I mean, I.
I'm obviously a big fan of Witch.
You know, we've been using it probably
for four to five months now, I would say.
You know, and like I said, we've
had a ton of motivations for this.
There's, you know, it's not gonna,
not everybody's gonna agree.
And that's okay.
I know other, there's been other
kind of conversion libraries that
have come out that maybe have made
some other surprising decisions.
So, you know.
We did what we felt was
best for our day to day.
If you want to use it, great.
If you have feedback, that's also great.
But we also know that we can't
convince you to like our library.
But well, Taylor's library.
It's not mine, I didn't do it.
So, you know, there's, you know, there's
something that we're going to continue
to maintain and, as other things come
up, we could probably add some more.
Is there anything else Taylor, that
you're trying to add to Witch that
you don't already have in there?
>> So I think I have most of
the instances that I want in there.
I'm sure there are more.
But there are a couple problems
with Witch that I haven't really
figured out how to address.
And the first is that, it's not completely
clear when you should or should not
provide an instance of something.
And this is a problem because in
general, with Haskell, your type
class is supposed to have laws.
And if there is an instance that
meets all of the laws, then you
should probably have that instance.
And this can be a problematic viewpoint.
So, the foldable type class, for instance.
There is an implementation of
that type class for tuples.
So you can ask for the length of a tuple
and it'll give you a surprising result.
This is a huge flame war, so I
don't really want to get into it.
But, suffice to say that the type
classes in Witch do not have laws.
I've typed up a bunch
of suggestions for them.
But at the end of the day, it's
really like a, it's just a call.
Like, do I feel like this
instance should belong or not?
And that's guided me pretty well so
far, but it leaves the door open of.
So using tuples as an example, I
could write an instance that says
you can convert from a tuple of
a and b into just a value of a.
So you could, you could use from
as sort of like, selector to get
the first value out of a tuple.
Yeah, exactly.
You could have it to
pull the second one out.
Or imagine you have a big record
with a bunch of fields on it
that are all different types.
So for us, like an episode that
we'll have an episode ID and an
episode length and an episode name.
You could write a from instance that
says, given an entire episode, I
can give you one of those fields.
So again, just doing a selector function.
I haven't provided any of those yet,
because my kind of guiding principle
for which instances should be provided
or not is, if you just saw a call to
from @Episode in the code base, would
you be able to tell based on context
around there, what value is going
to come out of that without really
having to think about it too hard?
And that's super wishy
washy, I'll grant that.
But it's worked well, have, you know,
in any other programming language.
Or not any other in, in like a, you
know, dynamic programming language, like
JavaScript, the automatic type conversions
that the compiler will insert for you.
That's kind of the type of thing
I'm trying to target with Witch.
Those types of conversions.
So the fancier stuff that is technically,
you know, makes sense and you could
convince yourself, it's a good idea.
I've shied away from that for now.
You know, I'd be open to someone
trying to change my mind there.
>> Yeah.
So you're saying it's like, uh,
you know, the wild, wild west
with like an enforcer, right?
>> Yes.
>> Like no laws, but you
know, there's a gut feeling
that this is a good idea.
This is not a good idea.
So, okay.
>> And then the other kind of
problem with Witch also revolves
around type class instances.
Unsurprisingly since that's
really all that it provides.
But it has to do with, let's say that I
wanted to convert from a UUID into JSON.
That is arguably something that
the Witch library could provide.
But in order to do that, the Witch
library would have to depend on
both the UUID library and let's say
Aeson to do the JSON conversion.
Usually when somebody makes a new
library and there's kind of an ecosystem
of libraries around it, you'll have
something like, using lens as an example.
You'll have lens or like lens-core,
microlens or whatever, and then you have
the lens library plus JSON.
So you'll have lens-aeson.
Or you'll have lens-uuid.
Or whatever.
And that works great because it's
extending support from this one
library to this other library.
But with Witch it's problematic because
you have to connect three libraries
together rather than just two.
So using the example from before, I would
need a library that's Witch plus UUID
plus Aeson to connect those together.
And this obviously doesn't scale
because as you add more libraries,
kind of to the mix of things in
ecosystem here, you have a huge number
of libraries that you're generating.
And this isn't a huge problem.
And like, for us in our application
that we're developing, we're not
publishing a library after the fact.
So we're kind of, the buck stops with us.
And if we want to have one module in
our application that just defines all
of these random instances to connect
stuff together, that's totally fine.
But if I wanted to extract those into
a library and publish them, that's
where things get tricky because you
want to have a minimal dependency
footprint, but you also want to be
maximally useful and provide instances
for all these other libraries.
And I have not found a good
way to solve that problem.
So if anyone has any
ideas, please let me know.
Yeah, I'm just at a loss there.
>> Yep.
It's @TaylorFausak on Twitter
or @HaskellWeekly on Twitter.
You know, so check them out.
>> Yeah.
And actually there was one final thing I
wanted to go over Cam, which is something
you touched on earlier, which is.
If you're coming from another
programming language, I think that
Witch is especially useful, or if
you're trying to convince someone
else, Hey, Haskell is a good choice.
I think that Witch could be a
useful tool in your tool belt there.
And I tried to make this really
apparent in the documentation and the
announcement that I pretty much stole
this from the Rust programming language.
They have exactly these, they're
not type classes, they're traits.
But they have From and TryFrom.
And I thought it was a great idea.
And I thought, why
doesn't Haskell have that?
Let's have that.
But as I also mentioned, if you're
coming from a dynamic language often,
you know, somebody will want to convert
an int into a string and that's kind of
just automatic in a lot of languages.
And with Witch it can sort
of be automatic, you do have
to put a function call there.
But at least it just kind of does
the right thing behind the scenes.
You don't have to think about it too much.
So if you're trying to convince
someone to use Haskell, maybe throw
a Witch into your argument there.
I think it could be useful.
>> Yeah, for sure.
I would definitely recommend as well.
I've had a great time using
it here and there and, it
makes PR review a lot easier.
There's not a lot of, mystery
about what's happening there.
So it just makes it a lot easier to work
with, and I would definitely recommend it.
>> Yeah.
>> It's probably like the eight time
I've said I recommend it, but that's okay.
>> And actually, I know I
said that was the last thing, but
that what you said reminded me.
We use this a lot for new types and
often there are multiple hops that
we want to take between new types.
So for instance, we have the let's say
episode length as an example, we may want
to go from, and Int64, that came from
the database into an arbitrary precision,
natural or integer, and then ultimately
into the episode length type from there.
Witch supports this with a
utility function called via
that just does two hops at once.
So from and into will only go one
step at a time, but via does two.
And you only have to pick the
type that's in the middle.
So if you're in a situation where the
source type and the target type are
both already pinned down or clear from
context, you can just say via some
other type and it'll convert it for you.
And we actually ended up doing
this a lot with our various ID
types that are in the database.
Cause they're all just an Int at the end
of the day or a UUID or whatever it is.
And we have a custom type wrapper
around that, that is for like doing the
serialization to, and from our database.
And then we have a type wrapper
around that type wrapper for, you
know, an episode ID or course ID.
And so when we're pulling something
from the database, we don't have to
say into this, into that, we just
say via, and it does the right thing.
So that's super convenient.
>> Yeah, it is.
It's definitely saved some time as well.
Yeah.
10 out of 10 would recommend.
>> So I don't know if Cam recommends
this library or not, but I sure do.
>> I don't know.
It's only the ninth, 10th, 12th time.
>> Yeah.
So yeah, I think those are all the
things that I had to say about Witch.
As is apparent from this talk, there were
a lot of motivations, but it's been a
really fun library to develop and really
rewarding to kind of spread it through our
code base and see all of the little paper
cuts that it cleans up and makes nicer.
>> Yeah, ten out of ten.
It's really nice for cleaning up all
this old, like little tiny functions
that are just really repetitive and
there's a lot of boiler plate that
really can just kind of get swept away.
You know, and gives us that flexibility
that we didn't really have before, because
if you wanted to convert some value into
a string and into an int or into a text,
like that's two different functions
for us, you know, now it's all right,
we have two instances, but it's
clear what's going on there.
>> All right.
Well, have you got anything
else to say about this Cam?
>> No, it just feels good to be
back and recording some podcasts with you.
I know we've had a little hiatus,
so back from summer vacation now,
you know, school starts soon and
Haskell Weekly's raring back up.
>> Haskell Weekly, the
only weekly podcast that comes
out at least once a quarter.
>> That's a nice, nice tagline.
>> Yeah.
All right.
Well, thank you listeners for
sticking with us and listening
to the Haskell "Weekly" podcast.
I have been your host Taylor Fausak
and with me today was Cameron Gera.
If you want to find out more
about us, please check out our
website, HaskellWeekly.News.
>> And we are brought to
you by our employer, ITProTV,
an ACI Learning company.
They would like to offer you 30% off
your subscription on ITPro.TV by using
promo code HaskellWeekly30 at checkout.
And I think that about does it for us.
So if you are looking for a good library
to try out, I would recommend Witch
just for another time for good old sake.
But, thanks for joining us
and we'll see you next week.
>> Bye.